added instructions how to add a new exercise generator (#2304)
exercism/go: README.md

└── go
```

> #### Adding a new exercise generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Adding a test generator to an exercise
```

> An exercise generator is used to generator the `cases_test.go` based on information from [problem-specifications](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some exercises, a test generator is used to generate the `cases_test.go` file with the test cases based on information from [problem-specifications](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications).
```

To add a new exercise generator to an exercise the following steps are needed:
1. Create the file `gen.go` in the directory `.meta` of the exercise
2. Add the following template to `gen.go`:
```go
package main

import (
    "log"
    "text/template"
  
    "../../../../gen"
)

func main() {
	t, err := template.New("").Parse(tmpl)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	var j = map[string]interface{}{
              "property_1":  &[]Property1Case{},
              "property_2":  &[]Property2Case{},
	}
	if err := gen.Gen("<exercise-name>", j, t); err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
}
```
3. Insert the name of the exercise to the call of `gen.Gen`
4. Add all values for the field `property` in `canonical-data.json` to the map `j`. `canonical-data.json` can be found at [problem-specifications/exercises/\<exercise-name\>](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications)
5. Create the needed structs for storing the test cases from `canonical-data.json` (you can for example use [JSON-to-Go](https://mholt.github.io/json-to-go/) to convert the JSON to a struct)

> **NOTE:** In some cases the type for `input`/`expected` are not the same for all test cases for one property. Therefore, an `interface{}` has to be used and then the `interface{}` has to be handled in the exercise generator (mostly when a value and an error are provided for the same key in `canonical-data.json`). Examples can be found in the exercises `forth` or `bowling`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** In some cases, the struct of the data in the `input`/`expected` fields is not the same for all test cases of one property. In those situations, an `interface{}` has to be used to represent the values for these fields.  These `interface{}` values then need to be handled by the test generator. A common way to handle these cases is to create methods on the test case structs that perform type assertions on the `interface{}` values and return something more meaningful. These methods can then be referenced/called in the `tmpl` template variable. Examples of this can be found in the exercises [forth](https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/main/exercises/practice/forth/.meta/gen.go) or [bowling](https://github.com/exercism/go/blob/main/exercises/practice/bowling/.meta/gen.go).
```

> 7. Use the created structs in the map `j`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Use the created structs in the map `j`
```

What do you mean here?

Author: I removed it, it think it should be cleared that you have to use and instance of the previously created structs in the map `j`

I also fixed the numbering

> 8. Add the variable `tmpl` to `gen.go`. It stores the template for the file `cases_test.go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Add the variable `tmpl` to `gen.go`. This template will be used to create the `cases_test.go` file.
```

Example:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```go
```

var tmpl = `package <package of exercise>

{{.Header}}

var testCases = []struct {
	description    string
	input          int
	expected       int       
}{ {{range .J.<property>}}
{
	description: {{printf "%q"  .Description}},
	input: {{printf "%d"  .Score}},
	expected: {{printf "%d"  .Score}},
},{{end}}
}
`
```
8. Synchronize the test case using the exercise generator (as described in [Synchronizing tests and instructions](#synchronizing-tests-and-instructions))
9. Check the validity of `cases_test.go`

> 10. Use the generated test cases in `exercise_test.go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Use the generated test cases in the `<exercise>_test.go` file
```
